danger  Be careful, if you are not good, just leave.
If you are a trap, you will die. But
remember, it is not just your miserable bank
?  Okay Aizi, let's take
this one step further.  This prediction takes into account the
direct impact of the policy on bank policy income and other business income
Should lose a lot of money, frame at present,
financial guidance includes the impact, so you will know the impact of the later side is
very exaggerated
Well, have set a height of ten years.  Yeah, but
this in early April due to the market's fear of the new scare so yeah, this
such a stock price, it fell sharply
, huh!  You are quite happy, on the top jumped a sound fell down